FF153 Relnote: `webrtc` config for MediaCapabilities.{de|en}codingInfo() (#44556)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/153/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### APIs

<!-- #### DOM -->

#### Media, WebRTC, and Web Audio

> - The {{domxref("MediaCapabilities.decodingInfo()", "decodingInfo()")}} and {{domxref("MediaCapabilities.encodingInfo()","encodingInfo()")}} methods of the {{domxref("MediaCapabilities")}} interface now accept the `"webrtc"` configuration type.

Reviewer: space nit
```suggestion
- The {{domxref("MediaCapabilities.decodingInfo()", "decodingInfo()")}} and {{domxref("MediaCapabilities.encodingInfo()", "encodingInfo()")}} methods of the {{domxref("MediaCapabilities")}} interface now accept the `"webrtc"` configuration type.
```

>   This allows a site to query whether a given audio or video configuration can be decoded or encoded for WebRTC, and whether doing so will be smooth and/or power efficient.

Reviewer: This looks good. Some minor tweaks:

```suggestion
  This allows a site to query whether a given audio or video configuration can be decoded or encoded using WebRTC, and whether doing so will be smooth, power efficient, or both.
```

Looking at the lines removed from experimental note, do we need to retain this piece of info: "Support for the non-standard [`transmission`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#transmission) type, which was used as an alias for `webrtc`, is removed."?

The "transmission" link led me to the page: 
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#webrtc still has the `transmission` note in `webrtc` plus there's also the `transmission` type entry <-- does this need to be updated as well? And then that `transmission` link in previous "Support" line, if you're adding it to the rel note, can obviously be dropped
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/decodingInfo#webrtc looks good
